I'm joy mrs. sadness that's anger yeah
this is discussed and that's fear ah
we're Riley's emotions these are right
he's memories they're mostly happy
you'll notice not reg I wanted to me
behold more what happened sadness she
did something to the memory is
everything okay thank you back Joey
great joy no the core memories
hello I'm teddy bear publisher movie
guide or and I'm every bear his daughter
and this is your family guide to movies
and entertainment now you saw a
wonderful what was it wonderful inside
out it was wonderful it's Pixar's latest
movie and this was written by the same
people who wrote up which was adorable I
love God so this one follows Riley who's
got a great family everything's going so
well until she has to move to San
Francisco and she moves into this house
that is drab and dreary and none of her
clothes come for weeks and inside her
mind you see all her emotions well what
happens is fear and disgust and anger
they take over what happens to joy and
sadness get lost in other elements of
her mind is this a sad movie no it's
cute it's adorable it's well-made it's
got some great moral elements to it it's
a good movie I've been waiting for a
family film and if you want to know more
about inside out go to movie guide org
read the complete review and subscribe
to our YouTube channel right here do you
ever look at someone and wonder what is
going on inside their head did you guys
pick up on that yeah something's wrong
we're gonna find out what's happening
but we'll need support signal the
husband oh she's looking at us what did
she say whoa oh oh sorry sir no was
listening is it garbage night we left
the toilet seat up what what is it woman
what signal him again ah so Riley how
was school for this we gave up that
Brazilian helicopter pilot
you